Implementation of Prover Clients (#35)
SeiyaKobayashi/zkml-optimization: README.md

$ cd zkml-optimization
```

## How to Use Demo CLI App

### 0. Installation

Install all the dependencies using `yarn`.

```sh
$ yarn
```

> ### 1. Steps for Model Developers

Author: Added detailed instructions on how to use this program, both as a model developer and as a prover client.

#### 1-A. Demo Model & Circuit

We have a demo ML model called `demo.h5` in `./models` directory. This is a classical classification model for MNIST dataset, and is a slightly modified version of [this model](https://github.com/socathie/keras2circom/blob/main/models/best_practice.h5). If needed, you can take a look at its implementation from `demo.ipynb` in `./models` directory.

We are using [keras2circom](https://github.com/socathie/keras2circom) as a way to convert model files (`.h5`) into circom-compatible circuits. Follow the steps in keras2circom's [README](https://github.com/socathie/keras2circom#keras2circom) to convert models into circuits. The demo circuit files auto-generated from the demo model are `demo-circuit.circom` and `demo-circuit-json` in `./circuits/` directory.

> We need a patu file for our trusted-setup. Clone `powersOfTau28_hez_final_17.ptau` from [this repo](https://github.com/iden3/snarkjs#7-prepare-phase-2), and place it in `./circuits` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need a ptau file for our trusted-setup. Clone `powersOfTau28_hez_final_17.ptau` from [this repo](https://github.com/iden3/snarkjs#7-prepare-phase-2), and place it in `./circuits` directory.
```

Author: b03513454f95f79513b8e4eb0720495e923a9b37

#### 1-B. Circuit Compilation, Z-Key Generation, IPFS, Model Registration

> Go to `./model-developers` directory, and follow the instructions in `README.md` for compiling demo circuit, generating z-keys from them, uploading files to IPFS, and registering the resulting hash to our custom verifier contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to `./model-developers` directory, and follow the instructions in `README.md` for compiling demo circuit, generating zkeys from them, uploading files to IPFS, and registering the resulting hash to our custom verifier contract.
```

Author: b03513454f95f79513b8e4eb0720495e923a9b37
